Update documentation on Active Directory service (#259) (#261)
rockstor/rockstor-doc: services.rst

AD
--

AD is a directory service to connect to an Active Directory domain. It must be
turned ON in order to be part of the AD.

Before configuring the AD service, however, some preparations are required.
First, the Samba service must be configured with the AD domain realm as the
workgroup. For an AD domain of :code:`samdom.example.com`, for instance, the
Samba workgroup should be set as :code:`SAMDOM` as illustrated below. Note that
while the Samba service needs to be configured, it doesn't need to be turned
ON.

.. image:: images/services/ad_samba_config.png
   :scale: 70 %
   :align: center

Next, as correct time synchronization with the AD domain is necessary for good
performance, the NTP service should be configured and turned ON. Ideally, both
the AD domain and Rockstor machines should thus use the same NTP time server.

Now that the Samba workgroup has been defined, and the NTP service configured
and running, the AD service can be configured. To do so, click on the

> **wrench** icon and fill the form with the values corresponding to your AD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**wrench** icon and fill in the form with the values corresponding to your AD
```

domain.

.. image:: images/services/ad_config.png
   :scale: 70 %
   :align: center

The individual fields of the form are described below.

> * **Domain/Realm name**: Specifies the Windows Active Directory or domain
>   controller to which to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Domain/Realm name**: Specifies the desired Active Directory or Domain.
```
Shorter with implied connect which will hopefully be obvious enough. May also translate easier.

* **Administrator Username**:  Name of the user to use for the enrollment to
  the AD. Tihs should be the AD's administrator account.

> * **Allow offline login**: Password for the Administrator username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Password**: Password for the Administrator username.
```
Typo / cut/paste issue.

Author: I can't believe I missed something so obvious, thanks a lot!

* **Enable enumeration**: Fetch and display all users/groups values. As this
  option can have a notable performance cost in some servers (with high number
  of users, for instance), this option is disabled by default. Note, however,
  that this option must be enabled for Rockstor to be able to list AD users and
  groups in the web-UI. See `SSSD FAQ <https://sssd.io/docs/users/faq.html#when-should-i-enable-enumeration-in-sssd-or-why-is-enumeration-disabled-by-default>`_ for
  further details.
* **Disable automatic ID mapping**: By default, the AD provider will map UID
  and GID values from the objectSID parameter in Active Directory. Check this
  option if you want to disable ID mapping and instead rely on POSIX attributes
  defined in Active Directory. See `SSSD documentation <https://linux.die.net/man/5/sssd-ad>`_ for
  furhter details.
* **Treat user and group names as case-sensitive**

> Rockstor relies on `SSSD <https://sssd.io/>`_ for the management of identities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rockstor 4 relies on `SSSD <https://sssd.io/>`_ for the management of identities
```
Just in case our legacy users see this and end up going down the wrong path. The rest pertains to obviously different stuff but given this is a directive pertaining to the cli, there is no telling.

provided by AD. As a result, one can edit :code:`/etc/sssd/sssd.conf` to
further customize the enrollment into an AD.

Upon submission of the AD configuration form, Rockstor will test the
configuration settings by attempting to *discover* the AD domain and save the
configuration if successful. If Rockstor cannot discover the AD domain, it will
report the error back to the web-UI; notably, verify that the AD domain can be
resolved by name via DNS (see `Red Hat Windows Integration Guide <https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/windows_integration_guide/sssd-integration-intro#sssd-ad-proc>`_ for
further documentation).

Note that a successful configuration of the AD service does not enroll the

> system into the AD. To do so, the AD service must be turned ON. To leave the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system into the AD. To do this, the AD service must be turned ON. To leave the
```
Likely just a style thing so see how you feel about it.
